Video translated by Team (GOGOANIME).
official website, (gogoanime21.eu.org)
Ice Sword Rain
golden bell
You actually mastered four combat skills
more than
kamikaze step
you
Nine Turns Hegemony Fist
Won the first place in Qianlong list
Complete hidden tasks
Reward ten epiphanies
This is a big profit
No
Wait.
Maybe
Congratulations to the Supreme Elder’s disciple Xiao Yun
Promoted to the first place on the Qianlong Ranking
Shen Shi Wu Chun Shi Huo
Qian Weiyi Private Zexue
Actually won
pick up land
Chou Zeyu
Senior brother won
This is so shocking
Xi Chunyu really lost
Is it possible
She is going to follow Xiao Yun
Follow Xiao Yun
Xi Chunyu has long been attracted by a holy son from our Chaos Holy Land.
Xiao Yun is no longer the Son of God now
Even if you meet the Holy Son, you should bow your head.
There's something good to watch now
Congratulations to the Supreme Elder’s disciple Xiao Yun
Ranked in the Holy Land of Chaos
The strongest person in the history of body refining realm
100th place
Complete hidden tasks
Promoted to the Chaos Holy Land Body Refining Realm
The 100th most powerful person in history
Reward ten epiphanies
Next
I want to challenge the 50th ranked one
as you wish
Next Xing Yi
To the cold body
Please enlighten me
It seems that this time
Still a special physique
Let's take a look
Oh my God, Xiao Yun Jingran is still continuing to challenge
Video translated by Team (GOGOANIME).
official website, (gogoanime21.eu.org)
I didn’t expect that the young master would surpass the old master so quickly
Senior brother is really awesome
That’s it for Xiao Yun.
That is the strongest person in the history of Chaos Holy Land
Every time you get a ranking
But it’s even harder than reaching the sky
Ranked as the 50th strongest person in the history of the Chaos Holy Land Body Refining Realm
Did I read that correctly?
Climb the Qianlong List in one day
Also ranked among the 50 strongest in history
He took those ancestors
Where are they placed?
Ranked tenth among the strongest in the history of the Chaos Holy Land Body Refining Realm
Too strong. Xiao Yun is too strong.
Send next one immediately
No need
Reached the limit
Complete hidden tasks
Promoted to the 10th strongest person in the history of Chaos Holy Land Body Refining Realm
A total of eighty epiphanies were awarded.
Received a total of four exclamations
A total of twelve epiphanies were achieved
Challenge a round of Magic Tower and gain nearly one hundred enlightenments
This meal of wool is so delicious
Senior brother
So awesome
Congratulations young master
The old master knows
Must be very happy
Congratulations, Senior Brother Xiao
Presumably Senior Brother Xiao is in the tower
Already know my oath
I don’t know about Senior Brother Xiao
Are you willing to accept me as a follower?
Do you think Xiao Yun will accept Xi Chunyu?
Needless to say
Sure
Nonsense
Xi Chunyu
I will never allow you to follow a loser
Who is so big in battle?
It’s the Holy Son Li Bufan
It’s because he has always admired Xi Chunyu
The strength has already reached the cave heaven realm
He must be here for Xi Chunyu
Li Bufan, what do you want to do?
Xi Chunyu
I didn't expect you to fall for yourself
To follow a waste
Video translated by Team (GOGOANIME).
official website, (gogoanime21.eu.org)
Brother Xiao defeated me
Reach the top of the Hidden Dragon List
Of course I should keep my promise
I hope you won’t bother me anymore
why are you laughing
Xi Chunyu
Do you really think I like you?
In my eyes, Li Bufan
Only the Avenue of Saints
a woman like you
At most, it will just become my plaything·
But who dares to play with me?
I killed him on the spot
Li Bufan
No chance now
Li Bufan's strength has already reached the cave heaven realm
Even if Xiao Yun was given ten courages, he wouldn't dare to go against Li Bufan.
I'm not your opponent
But you will never be allowed to humiliate me
You want to be my enemy
you want to die
Senior Brother Xiao
I don't want to drag you into this ridiculous situation
hair
You guys go quickly
Of course we have to go
but
Come with me
this
Video translated by Team (GOGOANIME).
official website, (gogoanime21.eu.org)
Senior Brother Xiao
Since Junior Sister Xi thinks highly of me, Xiao Yun,
from today
you are my follower
as long as i'm here
Never let you be humiliated
How dare you go against me, you loser?
do you know the consequences
Who do you think you are?
Let me think about the consequences
presumptuous
You deserve to talk to me like this
Is Xiao Yun crazy?
How dare you despise the Son
How dare he talk to the Holy Son like this?
You are only allowed to curse
Why don't you let people talk back?
How can you be the Holy Son?
Just robbers and gangsters
Scoundrel
Just two elder disciples
How dare you commit the following crime and ignore the laws of the Holy Land
Then
golden bell
Eight Gates of the Cave
you want to kill someone
I am the Son of God
Kill if you want
The Nine Transformations of the Eight Gates of the Cave Heaven
Tongtianjue
Fast rewind
Forbes
You should teach him a lesson
He is the Son
I can't take action against him
Wait for the law enforcers to come
Kill you all
Young Master, go quickly
Heaven and earth first opened
The world is undecided
Head of all things
The avenue is invisible
Mysterious
You are just like your master
It's obviously a waste
Habitual to show off
Your old master is still unable to ascend to the heavenly realm.
a hundred years later
Just a handful of loess
Fight with you
What's going on
Oh my god
chaos clock
Xiao Yun can actually use imperial weapons
how is this possible
Just the body refining state
How is it possible to summon the Chaos Clock?
wrong
It's just a shadow summoned by chaos.
Xiao Yun
Go to hell
chaos clock
Nine days of worshiping gods
Everything leads to chaos
Li Bufan
A clock for you
How is it possible
Could it be that his chaos leads to
Already practiced to perfection
Oh my god
What kind of evil art is this, senior brother?
Comprehension to perfection
As long as it's within our holy land
He can borrow the power of the Chaos Clock at any time
Xiao Yun
How dare you attack the Holy Son?
You wait
I will definitely come to you for revenge one day
Did I say I wanted to let you go?
Xiao Yun
You crazy law enforcer won't let you go.
Now I know how to find the law enforcer
Why didn't I see you afraid of law enforcement just now?
Video translated by Team (GOGOANIME).
official website, (gogoanime21.eu.org)